Add documentation and in-code awareness for shared WinForms/WPF clipboard/OLE infrastructure (#14306)
dotnet/winforms: docs/shared-wpf-infrastructure.md

2. **Larger refactorings belong in main:** Structural changes and broad refactorings should target the `main` branch
3. **Add or update tests:** Ensure your changes have test coverage, including error handling and edge cases
4. **Add cross-repo references:** If your PR addresses a WPF issue, link it in the PR description:
   ```
   Fixes dotnet/wpf#11401
   Relates to dotnet/wpf#11402
   ```
5. **Document breaking changes:** If behavior changes in observable ways, call it out explicitly

**Validation checklist:**
- Run WinForms tests: `build.cmd -test`
- Test clipboard operations manually:
  - Copy/paste text between applications
  - Copy/paste images
  - Try custom data formats if your change affects them
  - Test drag-and-drop scenarios
- If possible, validate with a WPF application (requires setting up a local WPF build or asking for help)
- Check for memory leaks or COM reference counting issues in loops or stress scenarios

**Code review considerations:**
- Ensure error handling is robust (null checks, HRESULT validation, etc.)
- Look for potential double-release or use-after-free patterns in COM/OLE code

> - Verify that `ComScope` usage is correct and that `ReleaseStgMedium` isn't called redundantly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Verify that `ComScope` disposal is correct and that different release mechanisms don't overlap
```
